Documentation Standard Updates (#37)
fivetran/dbt_linkedin: README.md

</p>

# LinkedIn Ad Analytics Transformation dbt Package ([docs](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_linkedin/))
## What does this dbt package do?
- Produces modeled tables that leverage Linkedin Ad Analytics data from [Fivetran's connector](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/linkedin-ads) in the format described by [this ERD](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/linkedin-ads#schemainformation) and builds off the output of our [Linkedin Ads source package](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_linkedin_source).
- Enables you to better understand the performance of your ads across varying grains:

> - Providing an account, campaign (ad groups in other ad platforms), campaign group (campaigns in other ad platforms), creative, and utm/url level reports.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Providing an account, campaign (ad groups in other ad platforms), campaign group (campaigns in other ad platforms), creative, and utm/url level reports.
```

- Materializes output models designed to work simultaneously with our [multi-platform Ad Reporting package](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_ad_reporting).
- Generates a comprehensive data dictionary of your source and modeled Linkedin Ad Analytics data through the [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_linkedin/).

<!--section="linkedin_ads_transformation_model"-->

> The following table provides a detailed list of all models materialized within this package by default.
> > TIP: See more details about these models in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_linkedin/#!/overview?g_v=1&g_e=seeds).
> 
> | **Model**                          | **Description**                                                                                                        |

Author: ```suggestion
The following table provides a detailed list of all tables materialized within this package by default.
> TIP: See more details about these tables in the package's [dbt docs site](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_linkedin/#!/overview?g_v=1&g_e=seeds).

| **Table**                          | **Description**                                                                                                        |
```
